Para la técnica de Comprehension en este
módulo 5, vas a poner tus respuestas a
estas preguntas en los comentarios.
1.
The second body, which was found next to
it, was just discovered, though the
second person had been diseased for a
couple of days before being found, and
their identity remains unknown.
Question.
How long had the second body been dead
before it was found?
2.
A man reported to be drunk was driving
alone in his car when he crashed into a tree.
The impact was severe, and the man was
thrown through the air, falling 5 meters
from the crash site.
Question.
What caused the man to crash his car?
3.
Authorities have confirmed that one of
the bodies is indeed the driver of the car.
However, the second body, which was found
next to it, was just discovered, though
this person had been diseased for a
couple of days before being found.
What happened to the second body?
Why did that person die?
roll up exactly鼓鼓鼓鼓鼓 -p